claw clips claw your scalp rubber bands
tear wet hair and rip it out now there's
twist and clip the amazing new styling
tool that's simply the best way for your
hair to stay up all day watch it's so
easy grab your hair like a ponytail and
twist slide twist and clip through your
hair like a giant bobby pin then lock it
like a safety pin you've got a
sensational new style there's a twist
and clip for every hair color so it's
virtually invisible now you see it now
you don't best of all it adjusts for
each and every hair thickness it adjusts
to hold the thickest curliest hair it
adjusts for limp lifeless stringy hair
inventor Rachel Taylor patented the
non-slip clip for every type of hair if
you have very thick hair the clip will
actually Bend around your hair and it
will hold it with reverse tension or you
can have thin hair and the clip will
still work now you can style your hair a
different way every day and every day
looks totally different claw clips claw
your scalp but twist and clip is perfect
for a swim or at the gym for a really
hard workout when I go in the playground
it doesn't fall out I could finally do
the monkey bars it's the perfect way to
stay all day for school or play it's
invisible for an elegant business look
or a quick updo for any special occasion
being a teacher the students always look
at you and comment on your hair and in
the morning it's actually a really fast
way for me to get ready and look good
and kids love it now get three twisting
clips in your choice of gold bronze or
black for just ten dollars as part of
this special offer will include a
tattle-tale in crystal glass but wait
you also get the twist and clip styling
guide so you can create trendy new
hairstyles order now and as a bonus
we'll send you three more twisting clips
and a tattle tale in black crystal just
be separate processing and handling you
get it all for just $10 so call now also
ask about free shipping
you